creating Website with Anvil

Anvil is a website that allows us to create a E commerce website using pyhton code more easily.

Anvil allows us to use a drag and drop editor that allows us to create out custom HTML

HTML: is code that is used to structure a web page.

Anvil has a propertys tab that allows us to change the name of stuff, its role, its layout, icon, and a lot more.

class Form1(Form1Template):

  def __init__(self, **properties):

    # Set Form properties and Data Bindings.

    self.init_components(**properties)



    # Any code you write here will run before the form opens.
    
this is the front end code that allows us to change stuff in the propertys stuff, as mentioned above.

to change propertys in anvil we can for example, go to coding tab, and then do self.variable_name.text = 'our new name'
which then changes the name of the thing we wanna alter.

back end of code: code that allows the website to be running

front end code: what the user will see.

data tab: allows us to store users, or just in general data that we will have

Adming page of website will rendrer all other pages in the website

link 3 and link 2 on the top right screen because we want it to show if user is sighne in or not, and a option to view whats in his cart


link 1 would be the title of the website


HOME PAGE

wil be rendered in base page

ghgu

format of the main page will include 3 images, two of them being the product for sale, (shorts and pants), and of them being just image beside the description of the brand and how it came to be.

git hub allows u to customize the way your website looks by dragging and dropping where text is, images are, and more. Essentially orgnizing and desighing the way your front end code looks.

To render home page into base page(which will have everything we can, us the: self.content_panel.add_component(Home()).
We also need to add from ..Home import Home so that the code actually renders.
 
 
 
MAKING THE BUTTONS WORK.

the page "shopping" will be the page that allows us to view the clothes. the page will be storing all the data of the clothes available and then rendering them into the home page.
























